Update README (#219)
ruby/debug: README.md

end
```

> On this case, you can see the result of `bar()` every time when you stops there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this case, you can see the result of `bar()` every time you stop there.
```

How about this?

Author: Good catch, I missed that. Fixed.
